# cardboard_simpletest
just a cardboard game.就是一个简单的居于cardboard的游戏。请找到旋转的cubu然后拖动磁环，然后继续找。
###1. Introduction
####VR can be referred to as immersive multimedia or computer-simulated reality, replicates an environment that simulates a physical presence in places in the real world or an imagined world, allowing the user to interact in that world. Virtual realities artificially create sensory experiences, which can include sight, touch, hearing, and smell. With the price of VR equipment decreasing, people have increasing opportunities to use this technology. CardBoard is a typical VR equipment offered by Google. It’s also known as an “easier version ”of Google Glass. Figure 2 shows the

###2.2.VR in Cardboard####Virtual reality or virtual realities (VR), which can be referred to as immersive multimedia or computer-simulated reality, replicates an environment that simulates a physical presence in places in the real world or an imagined world, allowing the user to interact in that world. Virtual realities artificially create sensory experiences, which can include sight, touch, hearing, and smell.####Most up-to-date virtual realities are displayed either on a computer screen or with special stereoscopic displays, and some simulations include additional sensory information and focus on real sound through speakers or headphones targeted towards VR users. Some advanced haptic systems now include tactile information, generally known as force feedback in medical, gaming and military applications. Furthermore, virtual reality covers remote communication environments which provide virtual presence of users with the concepts of telepresence and telexistence or a virtual artifact (VA) either through the use of standard input devices such as a keyboard and mouse, or through multimodal devices such as a wired glove or omnidirectional treadmills. The simulated environment can be similar to the real world in order to create a lifelike experience—for example, in simulations for pilot or combat training—or it can differ significantly from reality, such as in VR games.
####Principles of Cardboard: Figure 5 shows the structure of a Cardboard. The glass shows the virtual image in front of human’s eyes to allow them have a scene of virtual reality through lens principle and split screen display. You put your cell phone at the position of screen and set spilt screen display virtual environment on your phone. After that you have to invoke gyro and other sensor to change angle of view Here we need to use OPENGL ES to develop our game.

